Valkyrians are an independent military power in this sector
They were once part of the Domain, in a mystery filled corner of the galaxy.
Once part of Domain, they armed themselves with knowledge gained from years of study of the Domain, growing to became strong and respectable organization in the ship design industry, possessing ship design capabilities that far surpassed those of the private sector and of the Navy.
However, simply learning blueprints and improving on them became no longer sufficient,
and as more and more advanced technologies were hidden from them, they begin to use more and more fanatical means to satisfy their sense of superiority.
Eventually, they were cut off due to bitter conflict with the development department. When the powers that be in the Domain noticed their growing threat and suppressed them, they decided to use their own means to destroy their enemies that stood in the way of their quest for power.

After the Stargates collapsed, they poured all their productivity into the creation of ship-borne stargates.
This enabled them to travel subspace without stargates, so long as a super fleet equipped with a stargate drive was stationed in the corresponding star system.
They can now be found in most of space. Some of these places have become lost worlds when they collapsed or were forgotten.
They eventually discovered the Corvus constellation in their own way and are among the competing forces vying for control of civilization there.

This faction is called the Valkyrian because most of their officers, bridge crew and senior personnel are female, and are equipped with lasers and shields.


The main groups that make up the "Valkyrians"
Technical description, origin and FAQ (Short introductory information)


Archon Industries (Valkyrian Design Bureau)

This is the largest company in the Valkyrian sector, with several shipyards and automated factories, as well as significant political and cross-sector influence. They are the main component of this complex, known to outsiders as "Valkyrians".
Most of the fleets and armies serve Archon Industries, protecting friendly territory and conducting raids behind enemy lines on their vital material and technical support.
Archon Industries is mainly composed of women from royal families or with higher education, most of whom believe themselves to be superior to others in society, and currently have the skills and background to back up this claim.
They are the main producers of "Valkyrian" battleships and cruisers, as well as prototype ships, such as the Nirvana series, the Inquisitor, the Jenova and all super battleships used by the faction.


Horizon Shipyards

A subdivision of Archon Industries, they build most of the Valkyrians' smaller ships and the Almire class cruisers, as well as assist in the construction of super battleships.
A well-educated population goes a long way towards improving the quality of citizens and the military.

"Enigma" Corporation

Provides material support for the production of everything from lance launchers, shields, armor, handheld weapons, tanks, fleets and spacecraft.

The society of Valkyrians is well balanced, with equality between men and women. If you want a decent job with a beautiful colleague, this is the place for you. Or you can go to a nearby restaurant to cook space fish for customers. (CN: refers to the waitress, well... deep malice)



#High-tech manufacturing (experimental automated factories)

Massive semi-autonomous industrial centers.


#Super battleships

It is impossible to build ships of this size in the Corvus system; such knowledge simply does not exist. There are no dockyards that can accommodate such a hull, and the cost and time required are beyond the means of any faction.

For the royal family, money is not a problem. This eliminates the problem of production cost.
Huge docks are used to assemble these monsters, and they must be built from the inside out, starting from the anti-gravity field generators to prevent these behemoths from collapsing from their own huge mass.
Once the ship is completed, a set of highly advanced gravity field generators are set up on the side while maintaining these generators, to move the center of mass of this behemoth to rotate it. Their own thrusters cannot generate enough thrust to do this.

These giant ships are mainly used as a deterrent to achieve the goal of winning wars without bloodshed. They are only added to the fleet when necessary. These monsters consume huge amounts of supplies and fuel, and are therefore not economical.
Archon Industries use their automated factories to build the hull structure, armor, and engines, then Horizon Shipyards takes over the interior design, electronics, and everything else interior related, and finally Enigma checks the weapon systems and does a final inspection.


#Lances and Shields (Nani)#长枪与护盾 (纳尼)

"Lances" are powerful handheld laser weapons in a gun shaped housings mounted on the arm of mechanical exoskeleton users. The weapon is designed for different targets: rapid-fire laser pulses are used against light vehicles and infantry, while heavy pulses are used against tanks and other hardened targets.

Shields are high-speed rotating discs mounted on the arm that generate a pulse deflection field capable of deflecting most incoming fire.

Due to the armor specifications and compositions which come with lance and shield, for political reasons, only women are allowed to equip them.

The latest models of armor also include auxiliary wings. They consists of a pair of wing frames with bodies made of energy passing through them. The energy bodies store the energy needed for the armor and weapons. They can be used for flight, but only for a short period of time.


#What do men do?

Men generally handle all the dirty work, most engineers, guards/soldiers and workers are male. While there are men in higher positions and have achieved notable feats, it's not common (hehehe a good balanced society by a certain CN)


(a certain CN: This author is a masochist... quick, get a sadist to take him away...)